ETH Global Project Script

Project Name: TOKREATORS 
Project Cqtegory: Audio/Video


Introduction
it´s a dapp that consist in onchain between coinbase and sign protocol using referal  base rewards system and payments. 

Problems to solve: 

Current onchain payments methods are excellent; however only payments are not enough to built a trust the financial system. Then we introduce  sign protocol  trying  to achieve a simple version of the trust financial system with payment methods of Coinbase.

Besides, by bring referral reward systems on chain would make the money flow of the system more transparent. 

Objetives & Estrategy:
Traceability: Sign protocol creates onchain agreements; so in the future if the on chain payments occurred conflicts, it can be presented as a proof to settle disrupt. 
Referal System:
For each microtransactions, the money would go to merchants and referrer automatically on chain with the payments methods provided by coinbase. 
Influencer Ownership:
Receive payments automatically without intermediaries.

Benefits:
Rewards (Tokens & Crypto) and property rights.

Coinbase Protocol Prizes:

🛒 Checkout component pool prize ⸺ $500:

Use the OnchainKit Checkout component to take advantage of fast, cheap payment rails for your apps.
Qualification Requirements
- Must use the Checkout component in a meaningful way - Must be a working app

Tool 1: Referal system transaction (calls instead contracts); that allow us to made 2 simultaneously transactions (Creator and Merchant),
and only sign once for this 2 different addresses. Fast and easy interactions in one movement.

💫 OnchainKit Pool Prize ⸺ $1,000:

Use OnchainKit in any place in your app that makes sense. Where could you benefit from simple, easy-to-integrate components that give 
your users access to wallet funding, checkout with crypto, and transaction triggering?

Qualification Requirements
- Must use at least three OnchainKit components 
- Must be a meaningful integration visible to users and part of the general flow 
- Must be a working app

Tool 2: Onchainkit (Checkout, wallet, transaction & swap componets) the fan are able to swap in the same app in case they do not have the required crypto.
They use the checkout to complete the tranaction and all in the same application in a few clicks.

💬 Best Developer Feedback ⸺ $500

Improve our tools and documentation by submitting valuable feedback or PRs. The best submission will receive a $500 prize.

Qualification Requirements
- Submit a project in one of the other tracks  - Provide feedback in a Google form along with your project.

Describe the solution you'd like
The developer experience of <Checkout /> and <Swap /> components are good and they both provide compatibility for more advanced operations. However, the two components only work on the mainnet and it would provide a better DX if there's an method to test these two components without costing real money.

Describe alternatives you've considered.
Adding testnet support for Checkout /> and <Swap /> components.
